Env var are not updated after a secret update (#25027)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/configuration/secret.md

1f2d1e2e67df
```

#### Environment variables are not updated after a secret update

> If a container already consumed a secret in an environment variable, a secret update will not be seen by the container unless it is restarted.

Reviewer: My understanding of this sentence:
If an environment variable changes, a container needs to be restarted to read the updated environment variable.

If an environment variable containing a secret is modified, a container must be restarted to use the updated secret.

Author: Thanks for the comment.
From my understanding in the first case: 
> If an environment variable changes, a container needs to be restarted to read the updated environment variable.

and unlike the second case. 
You will be forced to restart the container. Therefore you have no risk to have your environment var not updated.

For instance and as a proof

````
echo 'apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: test-pod
spec:
  containers:
    - name: test-container
      image: registry.hub.docker.com/scoulomb/docker-doctor:dev
      env:
      - name: USERNAME
        value: scoulomb

  restartPolicy: Always' > mypod.yaml
kubectl delete -f mypod.yaml
kubectl apply -f mypod.yaml
````

They if you try to edit via kubectl edit you will have 

````
spec: Forbidden: pod updates may not change fields other than `spec.containers[*].image`, `spec.initContainers[*].image`, `spec.activeDeadlineSeconds` or `spec.tolerations` (only additions to existing tolerations)
````

Same when using the  declarative API which prevents from modifying env var
If we redefine test-pod
````
echo 'apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: test-pod
spec:
  containers:
    - name: test-container
      image: registry.hub.docker.com/scoulomb/docker-doctor:dev
      env:
      - name: USERNAME
        value: scoulomb2

  restartPolicy: Always' > mypod.yaml

kubectl apply -f mypod.yaml
````

Output is 

```` 
root@sylvain-hp:/home/sylvain# kubectl apply -f mypod.yaml
The Pod "test-pod" is invalid: spec: Forbidden: pod updates may not change fields other than `spec.containers[*].image`, `spec.initContainers[*].image`, `spec.activeDeadlineSeconds` or `spec.tolerations` (only additions to existing tolerations)
  core.PodSpec{
        Volumes:        []core.Volume{{Name: "default-token-69j8q", VolumeSource: core.VolumeSource{Secret: &core.SecretVolumeSource{SecretName: "default-token-69j8q", DefaultMode: &420}}}},         InitContainers: nil,
        Containers: []core.Container{
                {
                        ... // 5 identical fields
                        Ports:   nil,
                        EnvFrom: nil,
                        Env: []core.EnvVar{
                                {
                                        Name:      "USERNAME",
-                                       Value:     "scoulomb2",
+                                       Value:     "scoulomb",
                                        ValueFrom: nil,
                                },
                        },
                        Resources:    core.ResourceRequirements{},
                        VolumeMounts: []core.VolumeMount{{Name: "default-token-69j8q", ReadOnly: true, MountPath: "/var/run/secrets/kubernetes.io/serviceaccount"}},
                        ... // 12 identical fields
                },
        },
        EphemeralContainers: nil,
        RestartPolicy:       "Always",
        ... // 24 identical fields
  }
````

We will have to do 

````
kubectl delete -f mypod.yaml
kubectl apply -f mypod.yaml
````

to have the change.
This is described here:
https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/24913

1f2d1e2e67df
```

#### Environment variables are not updated after a secret update

> If a container already consumed a secret in an environment variable, secret update will not cascade update to the container.

Author: Thank you, I prefer this rephrasing too. I will update.
Even if it is true that it is the Kubelet which would restart/start it is better to mention in this section.

> If a container already consumed a secret in an environment variable, a secret update will not be seen by the container unless it is restarted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a container already consumed a Secret in an environment variable, a Secret update
will not be seen by the container until the container is restarted.
```

Author: 👍 Updated thank you

> There are third party solutions such as [Reloader](https://github.com/stakater/Reloader) for triggering restarts when secrets change.

Reviewer 3: Looking at https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/content-guide/#third-party-content and

> Docs can link to third-party open source software (OSS) outside the Kubernetes project only if it's necessary for Kubernetes to function

then I think we can mention that third party solutions exist, but that we couldn't actually link to this specific one. That's a shame but I understand why.

Author: Indeed, thanks for checking this.
I have updated.
